IN THE UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
FOR THE EASTERN DISTRICT OF TEXAS 
MARSHALL DIVISION 
 
Mirror Imaging LLC, 
 
   Plaintiff, 
 
   v. 
 
BTH Bank, National Association; BTH 
Bank, 
 
   Defendant. 
 
 Case No. ______________ 
 
 Patent Case 
 
 Jury Trial Demanded 
 
 
COMPLAINT FOR PATENT INFRINGEMENT 
Plaintiff, Mirror Imaging LLC (“Mirror Imaging”), through its attorney, Isaac 
Rabicoff, complains of BTH Bank, National Association and BTH Bank (“BTH”) and alleges 
the following: 
 
PARTIES 
1. Plaintiff Mirror Imaging LLC is a limited liability company organized and 
existing under the laws of Michigan that maintains its principal place of business at 27500 
Donald Court, Warren, Michigan, 48092.  
2. Defendant BTH Bank, National Association is a corporation organized and 
existing under the laws of Texas that maintains its principal place of business at 412 E. 
Goode St., Quitman, TX 75783. 
3. Defendant BTH Bank is a subsidiary of BTH Bank, National Association that 
maintains its principal place of business at 412 E. Goode St., Quitman, TX 75783. 
JURISDICTION 
4. This is an action for patent infringement arising under the patent laws of the 
United States, Title 35 of the United States Code.   
5. This Court has exclusive subject matter jurisdiction under 28 U.S.C. §§ 1331 
and 1338(a). 
Case 2:17-cv-00595   Document 1   Filed 08/22/17   Page 1 of 15 PageID #:  1
6. This Court has personal jurisdiction over BTH because it has engaged in 
systematic and continuous business activities in the Eastern District of Texas. Specifically, 
BTH has branch bank locations in Plano, Texas, and provides its full range of banking 
services to residents in this District. As described below, BTH has committed acts of patent 
infringement giving rise to this action within this District. 
VENUE 
7. Venue is proper in this District under 28 U.S.C. §§ 1391(b)-(d) and 1400(b) 
because BTH has committed acts of patent infringement in this District, and has a regular 
and established place of business in this District. Specifically, BTH has branch bank 
locations in Plano, Texas, and provides its full range of banking services to residents in the 
Eastern District of Texas. In addition, Mirror Imaging has suffered harm in this District. 
PATENTS-IN-SUIT 
8. Mirror Imaging is the assignee of all right, title and interest in United States 
Patent Nos. 6,963,866 (the “‘866 Patent”), 7,552,118 (the “‘118 Patent”), 7,836,067 (the “‘067 
Patent”), and 9,141,612 (the “‘612 Patent”), collectively the “Patents-in-Suit”, including all 
rights to enforce and prosecute actions for infringement and to collect damages for all 
relevant times against infringers of the Patents-in-Suit.  Accordingly, Mirror Imaging 
possesses the exclusive right and standing to prosecute the present action for infringement of 
the Patents-in-Suit by BTH. 
The ‘866 Patent 
9. On November 8, 2005, the United States Patent and Trademark Office issued 
the ‘866 Patent. The ‘866 Patent is titled “Method of Obtaining an Electronically Stored 
Financial Document.”  The application leading to the ‘866 Patent was filed on March 22, 
2002, and is a continuation of an application filed on April 13, 2000, and claims priority from 
a provisional application filed on April 13, 1999.  A true and correct copy of the ‘866 Patent is 
attached hereto as Exhibit A and incorporated herein by reference. 
10. The '866 Patent is valid and enforceable. 
Case 2:17-cv-00595   Document 1   Filed 08/22/17   Page 2 of 15 PageID #:  2
11. The invention in the ‘866 Patent relates to a method that enables a financial 
institution in a unique and highly efficient manner to retrieve electronically-stored financial 
documents having a specific document parameter. Ex. A at 2:38-40. Electronic storage of 
these financial documents allows financial institutions to eliminate paper copies Id. at 1:32-
34. The electronic storing, downloading, and retrieving of the financial documents is 
particularly resource intensive, time consuming, and expensive. Id. at 1:54-60. This process 
becomes increasingly expensive if the client requests a particularly old financial document, 
because older financial documents frequently require more resources and time to locate and 
retrieve. Id. at 1:60-63. 
12. The inventors Michael D. Schulze and Richard J. Gagnon recognized that due 
to the inefficiencies identified in the conventional methods used by financial institutions to 
obtain financial documents, it would be both novel and useful to invent a method that would 
enable a financial institution to obtain electronically-stored financial documents from 
different storage systems that reduces, if not eliminates, the back office production of the 
financial institution by providing a direct interface inter-linked with the different  storage 
systems. With such an interface, the responsibility for retrieving financial documents from 
the different storage systems can be outsourced to third party entities while still providing 
the financial institution with efficient access to any financial documents electronically-
stored. Id. at 2:21-2:34. The invention therefore provides a method that enables financial 
institutions to retrieve electronically-stored financial documents from different storage 
systems, allowing them to selectively store financial documents and to do so with 
unprecedented efficiency. Id. at 3:10–15. 
The ‘118 Patent 
13. On June 23, 2009, the United States Patent and Trademark Office issued the 
‘118 Patent. The ‘118 Patent is titled “Method of Obtaining an Electronically Stored 
Financial Document.”  The application leading to the ‘118 Patent was filed on August 12, 
2005, and is a continuation of the application that issued as the ‘866 Patent.  A true and 
Case 2:17-cv-00595   Document 1   Filed 08/22/17   Page 3 of 15 PageID #:  3
correct copy of the ‘118 Patent is attached hereto as Exhibit B and incorporated herein by 
reference. 
14. The '118 Patent is valid and enforceable. 
15. The ‘118 Patent is related to the ‘866 Patent and, therefore, also relates to a 
method for a financial institution to obtain electronically-stored financial documents having 
a specific document parameter is disclosed. Ex. B at 2:39-41 
The ‘067 Patent 
16. On November 16, 2010, the United States Patent and Trademark Office 
issued the ‘067 Patent. The ‘067 Patent is titled “Method of Obtaining Electronically Stored 
Financial Documents.”  The application leading to the ‘067 Patent was filed on June 22, 
2009, and is a continuation of the application that issued as the ‘118 Patent.  A true and 
correct copy of the ‘067 Patent is attached hereto as Exhibit C and incorporated herein by 
reference. 
17. The '067 Patent is valid and enforceable. 
18. The ‘067 Patent is related to the ‘866 Patent and, therefore, also relates to a 
method for a financial institution to obtain electronically-stored financial documents having 
a specific document parameter is disclosed. Ex. C. at 2:40-42. 
The ‘612 Patent 
19. On September 22, 2015, the United States Patent and Trademark Office 
issued the ‘612 Patent. The ‘612 Patent is titled “Method of Obtaining an Electronically 
Stored Financial Document.”  The application leading to the ‘612 Patent was filed on March 
15, 2013, and is a continuation of an application that was filed on October 13, 2011, which is 
a continuation of an application that was filed on October 12, 2010, which is a continuation of 
the application that issued as the ‘067 Patent.  A true and correct copy of the ‘612 Patent is 
attached hereto as Exhibit D and incorporated herein by reference. 
20. The '612 Patent is valid and enforceable. 
21. The ‘612 Patent is related to the ‘067 Patent and, therefore, also relates to a 
Case 2:17-cv-00595   Document 1   Filed 08/22/17   Page 4 of 15 PageID #:  4
method for a financial institution to obtain electronically-stored financial documents having 
a specific document parameter is disclosed. Ex. D. at 2:46-48. 
 
COUNT I: INFRINGEMENT OF THE ‘866 PATENT 
22. Mirror Imaging incorporates the above paragraphs herein by reference. 
23. Direct Infringement. BTH has been and continues to directly infringe at 
least claim 1 of the ‘866 Patent in this District and elsewhere in the United States, by 
providing a system, for example BTH’s Online Banking system, that performs the steps for a 
financial institution to obtain electronically-stored financial documents having a specific 
document parameter. 
24. BTH performs a method for obtaining an electronically-stored financial 
document from a first storage system remotely-located from a second storage system wherein 
the first and second storage systems each include a plurality of financial documents stored 
therein and wherein each of the financial documents include at least one specific document 
parameter. For example, BTH’s Online Banking system stores online statements and 
deposited check images in remotely located, separate storage systems based on the date 
associated with that document. See, e.g., https://www.bthbank.com/personal/checking/mobile-
check-deposit.html.  
25. BTH performs the step of storing a plurality of financial documents in a first 
fixed medium at the first storage system when the specific document parameter of the 
financial document is greater than a predetermined parameter. BTH further performs the 
step of storing a plurality of financial documents in a second fixed medium at the second 
storage system when the specific document parameter of the financial document is less than 
or equal to the predetermined parameter. For example, BTH’s Online Banking system stores 
online statements and check images, and specifically stores online statements for up to 2 
years in a storage system that is retrievable online. After 2 years, online statements are 
transferred to another storage system for archival and retrieval purposes for up to 7 years. 
Case 2:17-cv-00595   Document 1   Filed 08/22/17   Page 5 of 15 PageID #:  5
26. BTH performs the step of utilizing a computer terminal connected to the first 
and second storage systems through a processing unit. BTH further performs the step of 
receiving a request for at least one of the stored financial documents. BTH further performs 
the step of inputting the request into the computer terminal. For example, BTH’s Online 
Banking system has a computer terminal connected to its storage systems through a 
processing unit that stores online statements, and allows retrieval of online statements. 
Specifically, BTH’s Online Banking system submits a request for online statements, which is 
received via the computer terminal by entering the desired date range of the requested 
online statements. 
27. BTH performs the step of comparing the specific document parameter of the 
requested financial document to the predetermined parameter to determine if the specific 
document parameter is greater than, less than, or equal to the predetermined parameter 
after the request has been inputted. For example, BTH’s Online Banking system compares 
the date range submitted to a predetermined date, for example 2 years of access to online 
statements, and the online statement is either retrieved for the requester or the requester 
receives notification that customer service must be contacted to request an online statement 
from equal to or greater than 2 years. 
28. BTH performs the step of automatically accessing the first storage system 
through the processing unit when the specific document parameter is greater than the 
predetermined parameter and automatically accessing the second storage system through 
the processing unit when the specific document parameter is less than or equal to the 
predetermined parameter. BTH further performs the step of retrieving the requested 
financial document, as defined by the inputted request, in the first fixed medium when the 
specific document parameter is greater than the predetermined parameter and in the second 
fixed medium when a specific document parameter of the financial document is less than or 
equal to the predetermined parameter. For example, BTH’s Online Banking system’s 
processing unit automatically accesses, and then retrieves, online statements from one 
Case 2:17-cv-00595   Document 1   Filed 08/22/17   Page 6 of 15 PageID #:  6
storage system if the associated date is less than or equal to 2 years; and from another 
storage system if the associated date is greater than 2 years. 
29. Induced Infringement. BTH has also actively induced, and continues to 
induce, the infringement of at least claim 1 of the ‘866 Patent by actively inducing its 
customers, including merchants and end-users to use BTH’s Online Banking system in an 
infringing manner as described above. Upon information and belief, BTH has specifically 
intended that its customers use its Online Banking system that infringe at least claim 1 of 
the ‘866 Patent by, at a minimum, providing access to, support for, training and instructions 
for, its Online Banking system to its customers to enable them to infringe at least claim 1 of 
the ‘866 Patent, as described above. Even where performance of the steps required to infringe 
at least claim 1 of the ‘866 Patent is accomplished by BTH and BTH’s customer jointly, 
BTH’s actions have solely caused all of the steps to be performed. 
30. Mirror Imaging is entitled to recover damages adequate to compensate it for 
such infringement in an amount no less than a reasonable royalty under 35 U.S.C. § 284.  
31. Mirror Imaging will continue to be injured, and thereby caused irreparable 
harm, unless and until this Court enters an injunction prohibiting further infringement. 
 
COUNT II: INFRINGEMENT OF THE ‘118 PATENT 
32. Mirror Imaging incorporates the above paragraphs herein by reference. 
33. BTH has been and continues to directly infringe at least claim 1 of the ‘118 
Patent in this District and elsewhere in the United States, by providing a system, for 
example BTH’s Online Banking system, that performs the steps for a financial institution to 
obtain electronically-stored financial documents having a specific document parameter is 
disclosed. 
34. BTH performs a method of obtaining an electronically-stored financial 
document from a first storage system remotely-located from a second storage system wherein 
the first and second storage systems each include a plurality of financial documents stored 
Case 2:17-cv-00595   Document 1   Filed 08/22/17   Page 7 of 15 PageID #:  7
therein and wherein each of the financial documents is associated with at least one specific 
document parameter. For example, BTH’s Online Banking system stores online statements 
and deposited check images in remotely located, separate storage systems based on the date 
associated with that document. See, e.g.,  
https://www.bthbank.com/personal/checking/mobile-check-deposit.html. 
35. BTH performs the step of storing a plurality of financial documents in a first 
fixed medium at the first storage system when the specific document parameter of the 
financial document is greater than a predetermined parameter. BTH further performs the 
step of storing a plurality of financial documents in a second fixed medium at the second 
storage system when the specific document parameter of the financial document is less than 
or equal to the predetermined parameter. For example, BTH’s Online Banking system stores 
online statements and check images, and specifically stores online statements, for up to 2 
years in a storage system that are retrievable online. After 2 years, online statements are 
transferred to another storage system for archival and retrieval purposes for up to 7 years.  
36. BTH performs the step of utilizing a computer terminal connected to the first 
and second storage systems through a processing unit. BTH further performs the step of 
submitting a request for at least one of the stored financial documents into the computer 
terminal. For example, BTH’s Online Banking system has a computer terminal connected to 
its storage systems through a processing unit that store online statements, and this 
computer terminal allows the requester to retrieve online statements. Specifically, BTH’s 
Online Banking requester submits a request for online statements, into the computer 
terminal, by entering the desired date range. 
37. BTH performs the step of comparing the specific document parameter of the 
requested financial document to the predetermined parameter to determine if the specific 
document parameter is greater than, less than, or equal to the predetermined parameter 
after the request has been inputted. For example, BTH’s Online Banking system compares 
the date range submitted by the requester to a predetermined date, for example 2 years of 
Case 2:17-cv-00595   Document 1   Filed 08/22/17   Page 8 of 15 PageID #:  8
access to online statements, and the online statement is either retrieved for the requester or 
the requester receives notice that customer service must be contacted to request an online 
statement from equal to or greater than 2 years ago. 
38. BTH performs the step of automatically accessing the first storage system 
through the processing unit when the specific document parameter is greater than the 
predetermined parameter and automatically accessing the second storage system through 
the processing unit when the specific document parameter is less than or equal to the 
predetermined parameter. BTH further performs the step of retrieving the requested 
financial document, as defined by the inputted request, in the first fixed medium when the 
specific document parameter is greater than the predetermined parameter and in the second 
fixed medium when a specific document parameter of the financial document is less than or 
equal to the predetermined parameter. For example, BTH’s Online Banking system’s 
processing unit automatically accesses, and then retrieves, online statements from one 
storage system if the associated date is less than or equal to 2 years; and from another 
storage system if the associated date is greater than 2 years. 
39. Induced Infringement. BTH has also actively induced, and continues to 
induce, the infringement of at least claim 1 of the ‘118 Patent by actively inducing its 
customers, including merchants and end-users to use BTH's Online Banking system in an 
infringing manner as described above. Upon information and belief, BTH has specifically 
intended that its customers use its Online Banking system that infringe at least claim 1 of 
the ‘118 Patent by, at a minimum, providing access to, support for, training and instructions 
for, its Online Banking system to its customers to enable them to infringe at least claim 1 of 
the ‘118 Patent, as described above. Even where performance of the steps required to infringe 
at least claim 1 of the ‘118 Patent is accomplished by BTH and BTH’s customer jointly, 
BTH’s actions have solely caused all of the steps to be performed. 
40. Mirror Imaging is entitled to recover damages adequate to compensate it for 
such infringement in an amount no less than a reasonable royalty under 35 U.S.C. § 284.  
Case 2:17-cv-00595   Document 1   Filed 08/22/17   Page 9 of 15 PageID #:  9
41. Mirror Imaging will continue to be injured, and thereby caused irreparable 
harm, unless and until this Court enters an injunction prohibiting further infringement. 
 
COUNT III: INFRINGEMENT OF THE ‘067 PATENT 
42. Mirror Imaging incorporates the above paragraphs herein by reference. 
43. BTH has been and continues to directly infringe at least claim 53 of the ‘067 
Patent in this District and elsewhere in the United States, by providing a system, for 
example BTH’s Online Banking system, that performs the steps for a financial institution to 
obtain electronically-stored financial documents having a specific document parameter is 
disclosed. 
44. BTH performs a method for obtaining an electronically-stored financial 
document from one of a first storage system and a second storage system with the first and 
second storage systems being different from each other wherein the first and second storage 
systems each include a plurality of financial documents stored therein and wherein each of 
the financial documents is stored as an electronic image and is associated with at least one 
specific document parameter. For example, BTH’s Online Banking system stores online 
statements and deposited check images in separate storage systems based on the date 
associated with that document. See, e.g.,  
https://www.bthbank.com/personal/checking/mobile-check-deposit.html. 
45. BTH performs the step of storing a plurality of financial documents in a first 
fixed medium at the first storage system when the specific document parameter of the 
financial document is less than a predetermined parameter. BTH further performs the step 
of storing a plurality of financial documents in a second fixed medium at the second storage 
system when the specific document parameter of the financial document is greater than or 
equal to the predetermined parameter. For example, BTH’s Online Banking system stores 
online statements and check images, and specifically stores online statements for up to 2 
years in a storage system that is retrievable online. After 2 years, online statements are 
Case 2:17-cv-00595   Document 1   Filed 08/22/17   Page 10 of 15 PageID #:  10
transferred to another storage system for archival and retrieval purposes for up to 7 years. 
46. BTH performs the step of utilizing a processing unit connected to the first 
and second storage systems. BTH further performs the step of receiving a request for one of 
the stored financial documents through the processing unit. For example, BTH’s Online 
Banking system has a processing unit connected to its storage systems that store online 
statements, and this processing unit allows customers retrieval of online statements. 
Specifically, BTH’s Online Banking system receives a request for online statements, to the 
processing unit. 
47. BTH performs the step of comparing the specific document parameter of the 
requested financial document to the predetermined parameter to determine if the specific 
document parameter is greater than, less than, or equal to the predetermined parameter 
after the request has been received. For example, BTH’s Online Banking system compares 
the date range of the received request to a predetermined date, for example 2 years of access 
to online statements, and the online statement is either retrieved for the requester or the 
requester receives notification that customer service needs to be contacted to request an 
online statement from equal to or greater than 2 years ago. 
48. BTH performs the step of accessing the first storage system when the specific 
document parameter is less than the predetermined parameter and accessing the second 
storage system when the specific document parameter is greater than or equal to the 
predetermined parameter. BTH further performs the step of retrieving the requested 
financial document, as defined by the received request, in the first fixed medium when the 
specific document parameter is less than the predetermined parameter and in the second 
fixed medium when a specific document parameter of the financial document is greater than 
or equal to the predetermined parameter. For example, BTH’s Online Banking systems 
processing unit accesses and then retrieves online statements from one storage system if the 
associated date is less than 2 years and one day; and from another storage system if the 
associated date is greater than or equal to 2 years and one day. 
Case 2:17-cv-00595   Document 1   Filed 08/22/17   Page 11 of 15 PageID #:  11
49. Induced Infringement. BTH has also actively induced, and continues to 
induce, the infringement of at least claim 53 of the ‘067 Patent by actively inducing its 
customers, including merchants and end-users to use BTH’s Online Banking system in an 
infringing manner as described above. Upon information and belief, BTH has specifically 
intended that its customers use its Online Banking system that infringe at least claim 53 of 
the ‘067 Patent by, at a minimum, providing access to, support for, training and instructions 
for, its Online Banking system to its customers to enable them to infringe at least claim 53 of 
the ‘067 Patent, as described above.  
50. Mirror Imaging is entitled to recover damages adequate to compensate it for 
such infringement in an amount no less than a reasonable royalty under 35 U.S.C. § 284.  
51. Mirror Imaging will continue to be injured, and thereby caused irreparable 
harm, unless and until this Court enters an injunction prohibiting further infringement. 
 
COUNT IV: INFRINGEMENT OF THE ‘612 PATENT 
52. Mirror Imaging incorporates the above paragraphs herein by reference. 
53. BTH has been and continues to directly infringe at least claim 1 of the ‘612 
Patent in this District and elsewhere in the United States, by providing a system, for 
example BTH’s Online Banking system, that performs the steps for a financial institution to 
obtain electronically-stored financial documents having a specific document parameter is 
disclosed. 
54.  BTH performs a method for accessing an electronically-stored financial 
document from one of a first storage system and a second storage system with the first and 
second storage systems being different from each other wherein the first and second storage 
systems each include a plurality of financial documents stored therein and wherein each of 
the financial documents has an electronic image and is associated with at least one specific 
document parameter. For example, BTH’s Online Banking system stores online statements 
and deposited check images in separate storage systems based on the date associated with 
Case 2:17-cv-00595   Document 1   Filed 08/22/17   Page 12 of 15 PageID #:  12
that document. See, e.g   https://www.bthbank.com/personal/checking/mobile-check-
deposit.html. 
55. BTH performs the step of storing a plurality of images of the financial 
documents in a first fixed medium at the first storage system when the specific document 
parameter of the financial document is greater than a predetermined parameter, wherein the 
predetermined parameter includes a pre-selected numerical record date. BTH further 
performs the step of storing a plurality of financial documents in a second fixed medium at 
the second storage system when the specific document parameter of the financial document 
is less than or equal to the predetermined parameter. For example, BTH’s Online Banking 
system stores online statements and check images, and specifically stores online statements 
for up to 2 years in one storage system that is retrievable. After 2 years, online statements 
are transferred to another storage system for archival and retrieval purposes for up to 7 
years. 
56. BTH performs the step of utilizing a processor that has access to the first and 
second storage systems. BTH further performs the step of receiving a request for an image of 
one of the stored financial documents into the processor. For example, BTH’s Online Banking 
system has a processor that has access to storage systems that store online statements, and 
this processor receives requests for specific online statements. Specifically, BTH’s Online 
Banking system receives a request, through the processor, corresponding to a specific date 
range, and for specific online statements. 
57. BTH performs the step of comparing the specific document parameter of the 
requested financial document to the predetermined parameter to determine if the specific 
document parameter is greater than, less than, or equal to the predetermined parameter 
after the request has been received, wherein the specific document parameter of the financial 
document is a particular numerical sequence associated with the specific document 
parameter, and wherein the particular numerical sequence of the financial document 
includes a record date of the financial document. For example, BTH’s Online Banking system 
Case 2:17-cv-00595   Document 1   Filed 08/22/17   Page 13 of 15 PageID #:  13
compares the date range of the received request to a predetermined date, for example 2 years 
of access for online statements, and the online statement is either retrieved for the requester 
or the requester receives notification that customer service needs to be contacted to request 
an online statement from equal to or greater than 2 years. 
58. BTH performs the step of accessing the first storage system when the specific 
document parameter is greater than the predetermined parameter and accessing the second 
storage system when the specific document parameter is less than or equal to the 
predetermined parameter. BTH further performs the step of retrieving the image of the 
requested financial document from the accessed storage system as defined by the received 
request. For example, BTH’s Online Banking system’s processor accesses and then retrieves 
online statements from one storage system if the associated date is less than or equal to 2 
years; and from another storage system if the associated date is greater than 2 years. 
59. Induced Infringement. BTH has also actively induced, and continues to 
induce, the infringement of at least claim 1 of the ‘612 Patent by actively inducing its 
customers, including merchants and end-users to use BTH's Online Banking system in an 
infringing manner as described above. Upon information and belief, BTH has specifically 
intended that its customers use its Online Banking system that infringe at least claim 1 of 
the ‘612 Patent by, at a minimum, providing access to, support for, training and instructions 
for, its Online Banking system to its customers to enable them to infringe at least claim 1 of 
the ‘612 Patent, as described above.  
60. Mirror Imaging is entitled to recover damages adequate to compensate it for 
such infringement in an amount no less than a reasonable royalty under 35 U.S.C. § 284.  
61. Mirror Imaging will continue to be injured, and thereby caused irreparable 
harm, unless and until this Court enters an injunction prohibiting further infringement. 
JURY DEMAND 
62. Under Rule 38(b) of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure, Mirror Imaging 
respectfully requests a trial by jury on all issues so triable. 
Case 2:17-cv-00595   Document 1   Filed 08/22/17   Page 14 of 15 PageID #:  14
PRAYER FOR RELIEF 
 WHEREFORE, Mirror Imaging asks this Court to enter judgment against BTH, 
granting the following relief: 
A. A declaration that BTH has infringed the Patents-in-Suit; 
B. An award of damages to compensate Mirror Imaging for BTH’s direct 
infringement of the Patents-in-Suit; 
C. An order that BTH and its officers, directors, agents, servants, employees, 
successors, assigns, and all persons in active concert or participation with 
them, be preliminarily and permanently enjoined from infringing the 
Patents-in-Suit under 35 U.S.C. § 283; 
D. An award of damages, including trebling of all damages, sufficient to remedy 
BTH’s willful infringement of the Patents-in-Suit under 35 U.S.C. § 284; 
E. A declaration that this case is exceptional, and an award to Mirror Imaging 
of reasonable attorneys’ fees, expenses and costs under 35 U.S.C. § 285;  
F. An award of prejudgment and post-judgment interest; and 
G. Such other and relief as this Court or jury may deem proper and just. 
 
Respectfully submitted,  
 
 /s/ Isaac Rabicoff  
 Counsel for Plaintiff 
 
Isaac Rabicoff 
RABICOFF LAW LLC 
73 W Monroe St 
Chicago, IL 60603 
773.669.4590 
isaac@rabilaw.com 
Case 2:17-cv-00595   Document 1   Filed 08/22/17   Page 15 of 15 PageID #:  15
