IN THE UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
FOR THE EASTERN DISTRICT OF TEXAS 
MARSHALL DIVISION 
 
Mirror Imaging LLC, 
 
   Plaintiff, 
 
   v. 
 
Regions Financial Corporation; Regions 
Bank, N.A., 
 
   Defendants. 
 
 Case No. ______________ 
 
 Patent Case 
 
 Jury Trial Demanded 
 
 
COMPLAINT FOR PATENT INFRINGEMENT 
Plaintiff, Mirror Imaging LLC (“Mirror Imaging”), through its attorney, Isaac 
Rabicoff, complains of Regions Financial Corporation and Regions Bank, N.A. 
(“Regions”) and alleges the following: 
 
PARTIES 
1. Plaintiff Mirror Imaging LLC is a limited liability company organized and 
existing under the laws of Michigan that maintains its principal place of business at 27500 
Donald Court, Warren, Michigan, 48092.  
2. Defendant Regions Financial Corporation is a corporation organized and 
existing under the laws of Delaware that maintains its principal place of business at 417 
North 20th Street, Birmingham, Alabama 35203. 
3. Defendant Region Banks, N.A. is a wholly owned subsidiary of Region 
Financial Corporation that maintains its principal place of business at 417 North 20th 
Street, Birmingham, Alabama 35203. 
JURISDICTION 
4. This is an action for patent infringement arising under the patent laws of the 
United States, Title 35 of the United States Code.   
5. This Court has exclusive subject matter jurisdiction under 28 U.S.C. §§ 1331 
Case 2:17-cv-00582-JRG   Document 1   Filed 08/09/17   Page 1 of 15 PageID #:  1
and 1338(a). 
6. This Court has personal jurisdiction over Regions because it has engaged in 
systematic and continuous business activities in the Eastern District of Texas. Specifically, 
Regions has branch bank locations in Plano, Texas, and provides its full range of banking 
services to residents in this District. As described below, Regions has committed acts of 
patent infringement giving rise to this action within this District. 
VENUE 
7. Venue is proper in this District under 28 U.S.C. §§ 1391(b)-(d) and 1400(b) 
because Regions has committed acts of patent infringement in this District, and has a 
regular and established place of business in this District. Specifically, Regions has branch 
bank locations in Plano, Texas, and provides its full range of banking services to residents in 
the Eastern District of Texas. In addition, Mirror Imaging has suffered harm in this District. 
PATENTS-IN-SUIT 
8. Mirror Imaging is the assignee of all right, title and interest in United States 
Patent Nos. 6,963,866 (the “‘866 Patent”), 7,552,118 (the “‘118 Patent”), 7,836,067 (the “‘067 
Patent”), and 9,141,612 (the “‘612 Patent”), collectively the “Patents-in-Suit”, including all 
rights to enforce and prosecute actions for infringement and to collect damages for all 
relevant times against infringers of the Patents-in-Suit.  Accordingly, Mirror Imaging 
possesses the exclusive right and standing to prosecute the present action for infringement of 
the Patents-in-Suit by Regions. 
The ‘866 Patent 
9. On November 8, 2005, the United States Patent and Trademark Office issued 
the ‘866 Patent. The ‘866 Patent is titled “Method of Obtaining an Electronically Stored 
Financial Document.”  The application leading to the ‘866 Patent was filed on March 22, 
2002, and is a continuation of an application filed on April 13, 2000, and claims priority from 
a provisional application filed on April 13, 1999.  A true and correct copy of the ‘866 Patent is 
attached hereto as Exhibit A and incorporated herein by reference. 
Case 2:17-cv-00582-JRG   Document 1   Filed 08/09/17   Page 2 of 15 PageID #:  2
10. The '866 Patent is valid and enforceable. 
11. The invention in the ‘866 Patent relates to a method that enables a financial 
institution in a unique and highly efficient manner to retrieve electronically-stored financial 
documents having a specific document parameter. Ex. A at 2:38-40. Electronic storage of 
these financial documents allows financial institutions to eliminate paper copies Id. at 1:32-
34. The electronic storing, downloading, and retrieving of the financial documents is 
particularly resource intensive, time consuming, and expensive. Id. at 1:54-60. This process 
becomes increasingly expensive if the client requests a particularly old financial document, 
because older financial documents frequently require more resources and time to locate and 
retrieve. Id. at 1:60-63. 
12. The inventors Michael D. Schulze and Richard J. Gagnon recognized that due 
to the inefficiencies identified in the conventional methods used by financial institutions to 
obtain financial documents, it would be both novel and useful to invent a method that would 
enable a financial institution to obtain electronically-stored financial documents from 
different storage systems that reduces, if not eliminates, the back office production of the 
financial institution by providing a direct interface inter-linked with the different  storage 
systems. With such an interface, the responsibility for retrieving financial documents from 
the different storage systems can be outsourced to third party entities while still providing 
the financial institution with efficient access to any financial documents electronically-
stored. Id. at 2:21-2:34. The invention therefore provides a method that enables financial 
institutions to retrieve electronically-stored financial documents from different storage 
systems, allowing them to selectively store financial documents and to do so with 
unprecedented efficiency. Id. at 3:10–15. 
The ‘118 Patent 
13. On June 23, 2009, the United States Patent and Trademark Office issued the 
‘118 Patent. The ‘118 Patent is titled “Method of Obtaining an Electronically Stored 
Financial Document.”  The application leading to the ‘118 Patent was filed on August 12, 
Case 2:17-cv-00582-JRG   Document 1   Filed 08/09/17   Page 3 of 15 PageID #:  3
2005, and is a continuation of the application that issued as the ‘866 Patent.  A true and 
correct copy of the ‘118 Patent is attached hereto as Exhibit B and incorporated herein by 
reference. 
14. The '118 Patent is valid and enforceable. 
15. The ‘118 Patent is related to the ‘866 Patent and, therefore, also relates to a 
method for a financial institution to obtain electronically-stored financial documents having 
a specific document parameter is disclosed. Ex. B at 2:39-41 
The ‘067 Patent 
16. On November 16, 2010, the United States Patent and Trademark Office 
issued the ‘067 Patent. The ‘067 Patent is titled “Method of Obtaining Electronically Stored 
Financial Documents.”  The application leading to the ‘067 Patent was filed on June 22, 
2009, and is a continuation of the application that issued as the ‘118 Patent.  A true and 
correct copy of the ‘067 Patent is attached hereto as Exhibit C and incorporated herein by 
reference. 
17. The '067 Patent is valid and enforceable. 
18. The ‘067 Patent is related to the ‘866 Patent and, therefore, also relates to a 
method for a financial institution to obtain electronically-stored financial documents having 
a specific document parameter is disclosed. Ex. C. at 2:40-42. 
The ‘612 Patent 
19. On September 22, 2015, the United States Patent and Trademark Office 
issued the ‘612 Patent. The ‘612 Patent is titled “Method of Obtaining an Electronically 
Stored Financial Document.”  The application leading to the ‘612 Patent was filed on March 
15, 2013, and is a continuation of an application that was filed on October 13, 2011, which is 
a continuation of an application that was filed on October 12, 2010, which is a continuation of 
the application that issued as the ‘067 Patent.  A true and correct copy of the ‘612 Patent is 
attached hereto as Exhibit D and incorporated herein by reference. 
20. The '612 Patent is valid and enforceable. 
Case 2:17-cv-00582-JRG   Document 1   Filed 08/09/17   Page 4 of 15 PageID #:  4
21. The ‘612 Patent is related to the ‘067 Patent and, therefore, also relates to a 
method for a financial institution to obtain electronically-stored financial documents having 
a specific document parameter is disclosed. Ex. D. at 2:46-48. 
 
COUNT I: INFRINGEMENT OF THE ‘866 PATENT 
22. Mirror Imaging incorporates the above paragraphs herein by reference. 
23. Direct Infringement. Regions has been and continues to directly infringe at 
least claim 1 of the ‘866 Patent in this District and elsewhere in the United States, by 
providing a system, for example Regions’s Online Banking system, that performs the steps 
for a financial institution to obtain electronically-stored financial documents having a 
specific document parameter. 
24. Regions performs a method for obtaining an electronically-stored financial 
document from a first storage system remotely-located from a second storage system wherein 
the first and second storage systems each include a plurality of financial documents stored 
therein and wherein each of the financial documents include at least one specific document 
parameter. For example, Regions’s Online Banking system stores online statements and 
deposited check images in remotely located, separate storage systems based on the date 
associated with that document. See, e.g., 
https://www.regions.com/commercial_banking/quick_deposit.rf. 
25. Regions performs the step of storing a plurality of financial documents in a 
first fixed medium at the first storage system when the specific document parameter of the 
financial document is greater than a predetermined parameter. Regions further performs the 
step of storing a plurality of financial documents in a second fixed medium at the second 
storage system when the specific document parameter of the financial document is less than 
or equal to the predetermined parameter. For example, Regions’s Online Banking system 
stores online statements and check images, and specifically stores check images for up to 18 
months in a storage system that is retrievable online. After 18 months, check images are 
Case 2:17-cv-00582-JRG   Document 1   Filed 08/09/17   Page 5 of 15 PageID #:  5
transferred to another storage system for archival and retrieval purposes for up to 7 years. 
26. Regions performs the step of utilizing a computer terminal connected to the 
first and second storage systems through a processing unit. Regions further performs the 
step of receiving a request for at least one of the stored financial documents. Regions further 
performs the step of inputting the request into the computer terminal. For example, 
Regions’s Online Banking system has a computer terminal connected to its storage systems 
through a processing unit that stores check images, and allows retrieval of check images. 
Specifically, Regions’s Online Banking system submits a request for check images, which is 
received via the computer terminal by entering the desired date range of the requested check 
images. 
27. Regions performs the step of comparing the specific document parameter of 
the requested financial document to the predetermined parameter to determine if the specific 
document parameter is greater than, less than, or equal to the predetermined parameter 
after the request has been inputted. For example, Regions’s Online Banking system 
compares the date range submitted to a predetermined date, for example 18 months of access 
to check images, and the check image is either retrieved for the requester or the requester 
receives notification that customer service must be contacted to request a check image from 
equal to or greater than 18 months ago. 
28. Regions performs the step of automatically accessing the first storage system 
through the processing unit when the specific document parameter is greater than the 
predetermined parameter and automatically accessing the second storage system through 
the processing unit when the specific document parameter is less than or equal to the 
predetermined parameter. Regions further performs the step of retrieving the requested 
financial document, as defined by the inputted request, in the first fixed medium when the 
specific document parameter is greater than the predetermined parameter and in the second 
fixed medium when a specific document parameter of the financial document is less than or 
equal to the predetermined parameter. For example, Regions’s Online Banking system’s 
Case 2:17-cv-00582-JRG   Document 1   Filed 08/09/17   Page 6 of 15 PageID #:  6
processing unit automatically accesses, and then retrieves, check image from one storage 
system if the associated date is less than or equal to 18 months; and from another storage 
system if the associated date is greater than 18 months. 
29. Induced Infringement. Regions has also actively induced, and continues to 
induce, the infringement of at least claim 1 of the ‘866 Patent by actively inducing its 
customers, including merchants and end-users to use Regions’s Online Banking system in an 
infringing manner as described above. Upon information and belief, Regions has specifically 
intended that its customers use its Online Banking system that infringe at least claim 1 of 
the ‘866 Patent by, at a minimum, providing access to, support for, training and instructions 
for, its Online Banking system to its customers to enable them to infringe at least claim 1 of 
the ‘866 Patent, as described above. Even where performance of the steps required to infringe 
at least claim 1 of the ‘866 Patent is accomplished by Regions and Regions’s customer jointly, 
Regions’s actions have solely caused all of the steps to be performed. 
30. Mirror Imaging is entitled to recover damages adequate to compensate it for 
such infringement in an amount no less than a reasonable royalty under 35 U.S.C. § 284.  
31. Mirror Imaging will continue to be injured, and thereby caused irreparable 
harm, unless and until this Court enters an injunction prohibiting further infringement. 
 
COUNT II: INFRINGEMENT OF THE ‘118 PATENT 
32. Mirror Imaging incorporates the above paragraphs herein by reference. 
33. Regions has been and continues to directly infringe at least claim 1 of the 
‘118 Patent in this District and elsewhere in the United States, by providing a system, for 
example Regions’s Online Banking system, that performs the steps for a financial institution 
to obtain electronically-stored financial documents having a specific document parameter is 
disclosed. 
34. Regions performs a method of obtaining an electronically-stored financial 
document from a first storage system remotely-located from a second storage system wherein 
Case 2:17-cv-00582-JRG   Document 1   Filed 08/09/17   Page 7 of 15 PageID #:  7
the first and second storage systems each include a plurality of financial documents stored 
therein and wherein each of the financial documents is associated with at least one specific 
document parameter. For example, Regions’s Online Banking system stores online 
statements and deposited check images in remotely located, separate storage systems based 
on the date associated with that document. See, e.g., 
https://www.regions.com/commercial_banking/quick_deposit.rf. 
35. Regions performs the step of storing a plurality of financial documents in a 
first fixed medium at the first storage system when the specific document parameter of the 
financial document is greater than a predetermined parameter. Regions further performs the 
step of storing a plurality of financial documents in a second fixed medium at the second 
storage system when the specific document parameter of the financial document is less than 
or equal to the predetermined parameter. For example, Regions’s Online Banking system 
stores online statements and check images, and specifically stores check images, for up to 18 
months in a storage system that are retrievable online. After 18 months, check images are 
transferred to another storage system for archival and retrieval purposes for up to 7 years.  
36. Regions performs the step of utilizing a computer terminal connected to the 
first and second storage systems through a processing unit. Regions further performs the 
step of submitting a request for at least one of the stored financial documents into the 
computer terminal. For example, Regions’s Online Banking system has a computer terminal 
connected to its storage systems through a processing unit that store check images, and this 
computer terminal allows the requester to retrieve check images. Specifically, Regions’s 
Online Banking requester submits a request for check images, into the computer terminal, 
by entering the desired date range. 
37. Regions performs the step of comparing the specific document parameter of 
the requested financial document to the predetermined parameter to determine if the specific 
document parameter is greater than, less than, or equal to the predetermined parameter 
after the request has been inputted. For example, Regions’s Online Banking system 
Case 2:17-cv-00582-JRG   Document 1   Filed 08/09/17   Page 8 of 15 PageID #:  8
compares the date range submitted by the requester to a predetermined date, for example 18 
months of access to check images, and the check image is either retrieved for the requester or 
the requester receives notice that customer service must be contacted to request a check 
image from equal to or greater than 18 months ago. 
38. Regions performs the step of automatically accessing the first storage system 
through the processing unit when the specific document parameter is greater than the 
predetermined parameter and automatically accessing the second storage system through 
the processing unit when the specific document parameter is less than or equal to the 
predetermined parameter. Regions further performs the step of retrieving the requested 
financial document, as defined by the inputted request, in the first fixed medium when the 
specific document parameter is greater than the predetermined parameter and in the second 
fixed medium when a specific document parameter of the financial document is less than or 
equal to the predetermined parameter. For example, Regions’s Online Banking system’s 
processing unit automatically accesses, and then retrieves, check images from one storage 
system if the associated date is less than or equal to 18 months; and from another storage 
system if the associated date is greater than 18 months. 
39. Induced Infringement. Regions has also actively induced, and continues to 
induce, the infringement of at least claim 1 of the ‘118 Patent by actively inducing its 
customers, including merchants and end-users to use Regions's Online Banking system in an 
infringing manner as described above. Upon information and belief, Regions has specifically 
intended that its customers use its Online Banking system that infringe at least claim 1 of 
the ‘118 Patent by, at a minimum, providing access to, support for, training and instructions 
for, its Online Banking system to its customers to enable them to infringe at least claim 1 of 
the ‘118 Patent, as described above. Even where performance of the steps required to infringe 
at least claim 1 of the ‘118 Patent is accomplished by Regions and Regions’s customer jointly, 
Regions’s actions have solely caused all of the steps to be performed. 
40. Mirror Imaging is entitled to recover damages adequate to compensate it for 
Case 2:17-cv-00582-JRG   Document 1   Filed 08/09/17   Page 9 of 15 PageID #:  9
such infringement in an amount no less than a reasonable royalty under 35 U.S.C. § 284.  
41. Mirror Imaging will continue to be injured, and thereby caused irreparable 
harm, unless and until this Court enters an injunction prohibiting further infringement. 
 
COUNT III: INFRINGEMENT OF THE ‘067 PATENT 
42. Mirror Imaging incorporates the above paragraphs herein by reference. 
43. Regions has been and continues to directly infringe at least claim 53 of the 
‘067 Patent in this District and elsewhere in the United States, by providing a system, for 
example Regions’s Online Banking system, that performs the steps for a financial institution 
to obtain electronically-stored financial documents having a specific document parameter is 
disclosed. 
44. Regions performs a method for obtaining an electronically-stored financial 
document from one of a first storage system and a second storage system with the first and 
second storage systems being different from each other wherein the first and second storage 
systems each include a plurality of financial documents stored therein and wherein each of 
the financial documents is stored as an electronic image and is associated with at least one 
specific document parameter. For example, Regions’s Online Banking system stores online 
statements and deposited check images in separate storage systems based on the date 
associated with that document. See, e.g., 
https://www.regions.com/commercial_banking/quick_deposit.rf. 
45. Regions performs the step of storing a plurality of financial documents in a 
first fixed medium at the first storage system when the specific document parameter of the 
financial document is less than a predetermined parameter. Regions further performs the 
step of storing a plurality of financial documents in a second fixed medium at the second 
storage system when the specific document parameter of the financial document is greater 
than or equal to the predetermined parameter. For example, Regions’s Online Banking 
system stores online statements and check images, and specifically stores check images for 
Case 2:17-cv-00582-JRG   Document 1   Filed 08/09/17   Page 10 of 15 PageID #:  10
up to 18 months in a storage system that is retrievable online. After 18 months, check 
images are transferred to another storage system for archival and retrieval purposes for up 
to 7 years. 
46. Regions performs the step of utilizing a processing unit connected to the first 
and second storage systems. Regions further performs the step of receiving a request for one 
of the stored financial documents through the processing unit. For example, Regions’s Online 
Banking system has a processing unit connected to its storage systems that store check 
images, and this processing unit allows customers retrieval of check images. Specifically, 
Regions’s Online Banking system receives a request for check images, to the processing unit. 
47. Regions performs the step of comparing the specific document parameter of 
the requested financial document to the predetermined parameter to determine if the specific 
document parameter is greater than, less than, or equal to the predetermined parameter 
after the request has been received. For example, Regions’s Online Banking system compares 
the date range of the received request to a predetermined date, for example 18 months of 
access to check images, and the check image is either retrieved for the requester or the 
requester receives notification that customer service needs to be contacted to request a check 
image from equal to or greater than 18 months ago. 
48. Regions performs the step of accessing the first storage system when the 
specific document parameter is less than the predetermined parameter and accessing the 
second storage system when the specific document parameter is greater than or equal to the 
predetermined parameter. Regions further performs the step of retrieving the requested 
financial document, as defined by the received request, in the first fixed medium when the 
specific document parameter is less than the predetermined parameter and in the second 
fixed medium when a specific document parameter of the financial document is greater than 
or equal to the predetermined parameter. For example, Regions’s Online Banking systems 
processing unit accesses and then retrieves check images from one storage system if the 
associated date is less than 18 months and one day; and from another storage system if the 
Case 2:17-cv-00582-JRG   Document 1   Filed 08/09/17   Page 11 of 15 PageID #:  11
associated date is greater than or equal to 18 months and one day. 
49. Induced Infringement. Regions has also actively induced, and continues to 
induce, the infringement of at least claim 53 of the ‘067 Patent by actively inducing its 
customers, including merchants and end-users to use Regions’s Online Banking system in an 
infringing manner as described above. Upon information and belief, Regions has specifically 
intended that its customers use its Online Banking system that infringe at least claim 53 of 
the ‘067 Patent by, at a minimum, providing access to, support for, training and instructions 
for, its Online Banking system to its customers to enable them to infringe at least claim 53 of 
the ‘067 Patent, as described above.  
50. Mirror Imaging is entitled to recover damages adequate to compensate it for 
such infringement in an amount no less than a reasonable royalty under 35 U.S.C. § 284.  
51. Mirror Imaging will continue to be injured, and thereby caused irreparable 
harm, unless and until this Court enters an injunction prohibiting further infringement. 
 
COUNT IV: INFRINGEMENT OF THE ‘612 PATENT 
52. Mirror Imaging incorporates the above paragraphs herein by reference. 
53. Regions has been and continues to directly infringe at least claim 1 of the 
‘612 Patent in this District and elsewhere in the United States, by providing a system, for 
example Regions’s Online Banking system, that performs the steps for a financial institution 
to obtain electronically-stored financial documents having a specific document parameter is 
disclosed. 
54. Regions performs a method for accessing an electronically-stored financial 
document from one of a first storage system and a second storage system with the first and 
second storage systems being different from each other wherein the first and second storage 
systems each include a plurality of financial documents stored therein and wherein each of 
the financial documents has an electronic image and is associated with at least one specific 
document parameter. For example, Regions’s Online Banking system stores online 
Case 2:17-cv-00582-JRG   Document 1   Filed 08/09/17   Page 12 of 15 PageID #:  12
statements and deposited check images in separate storage systems based on the date 
associated with that document. See, e.g., 
https://www.regions.com/commercial_banking/quick_deposit.rf. 
55. Regions performs the step of storing a plurality of images of the financial 
documents in a first fixed medium at the first storage system when the specific document 
parameter of the financial document is greater than a predetermined parameter, wherein the 
predetermined parameter includes a pre-selected numerical record date. Regions further 
performs the step of storing a plurality of financial documents in a second fixed medium at 
the second storage system when the specific document parameter of the financial document 
is less than or equal to the predetermined parameter. For example, Regions’s Online 
Banking system stores online statements and check images, and specifically stores check 
images for up to 18 months in one storage system that is retrievable. After 18 months, check 
images are transferred to another storage system for archival and retrieval purposes for up 
to 7 years. 
56. Regions performs the step of utilizing a processor that has access to the first 
and second storage systems. Regions further performs the step of receiving a request for an 
image of one of the stored financial documents into the processor. For example, Regions’s 
Online Banking system has a processor that has access to storage systems that store check 
images, and this processor receives requests for specific check images. Specifically, Regions’s 
Online Banking system receives a request, through the processor, corresponding to a specific 
date range, and for specific check images. 
57. Regions performs the step of comparing the specific document parameter of 
the requested financial document to the predetermined parameter to determine if the specific 
document parameter is greater than, less than, or equal to the predetermined parameter 
after the request has been received, wherein the specific document parameter of the financial 
document is a particular numerical sequence associated with the specific document 
parameter, and wherein the particular numerical sequence of the financial document 
Case 2:17-cv-00582-JRG   Document 1   Filed 08/09/17   Page 13 of 15 PageID #:  13
includes a record date of the financial document. For example, Regions’s Online Banking 
system compares the date range of the received request to a predetermined date, for example 
18 months of access for check images, and the check image is either retrieved for the 
requester or the requester receives notification that customer service needs to be contacted to 
request a check image from equal to or greater than 18 months ago. 
58. Regions performs the step of accessing the first storage system when the 
specific document parameter is greater than the predetermined parameter and accessing the 
second storage system when the specific document parameter is less than or equal to the 
predetermined parameter. Regions further performs the step of retrieving the image of the 
requested financial document from the accessed storage system as defined by the received 
request. For example, Regions’s Online Banking system’s processor accesses and then 
retrieves check images from one storage system if the associated date is less than or equal to 
18 months; and from another storage system if the associated date is greater than 18 
months. 
59. Induced Infringement. Regions has also actively induced, and continues to 
induce, the infringement of at least claim 1 of the ‘612 Patent by actively inducing its 
customers, including merchants and end-users to use Regions 's Online Banking system in 
an infringing manner as described above. Upon information and belief, Regions has 
specifically intended that its customers use its Online Banking system that infringe at least 
claim 1 of the ‘612 Patent by, at a minimum, providing access to, support for, training and 
instructions for, its Online Banking system to its customers to enable them to infringe at 
least claim 1 of the ‘612 Patent, as described above.  
60. Mirror Imaging is entitled to recover damages adequate to compensate it for 
such infringement in an amount no less than a reasonable royalty under 35 U.S.C. § 284.  
61. Mirror Imaging will continue to be injured, and thereby caused irreparable 
harm, unless and until this Court enters an injunction prohibiting further infringement. 
 
Case 2:17-cv-00582-JRG   Document 1   Filed 08/09/17   Page 14 of 15 PageID #:  14
JURY DEMAND 
62. Under Rule 38(b) of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure, Mirror Imaging 
respectfully requests a trial by jury on all issues so triable. 
PRAYER FOR RELIEF 
 WHEREFORE, Mirror Imaging asks this Court to enter judgment against Regions, 
granting the following relief: 
A. A declaration that Regions has infringed the Patents-in-Suit; 
B. An award of damages to compensate Mirror Imaging for Regions’s direct 
infringement of the Patents-in-Suit; 
C. An order that Regions and its officers, directors, agents, servants, employees, 
successors, assigns, and all persons in active concert or participation with 
them, be preliminarily and permanently enjoined from infringing the 
Patents-in-Suit under 35 U.S.C. § 283; 
D. An award of damages, including trebling of all damages, sufficient to remedy 
Regions’s willful infringement of the Patents-in-Suit under 35 U.S.C. § 284; 
E. A declaration that this case is exceptional, and an award to Mirror Imaging 
of reasonable attorneys’ fees, expenses and costs under 35 U.S.C. § 285;  
F. An award of prejudgment and post-judgment interest; and 
G. Such other and relief as this Court or jury may deem proper and just. 
 
Respectfully submitted,  
 
 /s/ Isaac Rabicoff  
 Counsel for Plaintiff 
 
Isaac Rabicoff 
RABICOFF LAW LLC 
73 W Monroe St 
Chicago, IL 60603 
773.669.4590 
isaac@rabilaw.com 
Case 2:17-cv-00582-JRG   Document 1   Filed 08/09/17   Page 15 of 15 PageID #:  15
